[IMP] misc: IAP grammar updates and new image (#7427)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/in_app_purchase.rst

Digitization** service digitizes scanned or PDF vendor bills, expenses, and resumes with optical
character recognition (OCR) and artificial intelligence (AI).

IAP services do not need to be configured or set up, but each service requires its own prepaid
credits. Each service has its own pricing and pack options listed on the `Odoo IAP website
<https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_, and Odoo users need to :ref:`buy more credits
<iap/buying_credits>` when they run out, in order to keep using the service.

.. tip::
   Users with an Enterprise version of Odoo Online get free credits to test IAP features.

.. image:: in_app_purchase/iap.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Visit IAP.Odoo.com to review what services are available.

.. _in_app_purchase/portal:

IAP services
============

The `Odoo IAP website <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_ lists all IAP services
currently available, which include the following:

- :guilabel:`AI generated call summary and transcript service`: call recording transcript service
  for the *Asterisk Plus* application.
- :guilabel:`Amazon Odoo Connector`: establishes seamless integration between an Amazon Seller

>   Central Account and Odoo, allowing users to effectively manage their products and orders.

Reviewer: Hello, I don't think those service should be mentioned in our official documentation, they are provided by third parties.

  into quality leads and opportunities.
- :guilabel:`Partner Autocomplete`: automatically populates contact records with corporate data.
- :guilabel:`SMS`: sends SMS text messages to contacts directly from the database.
- :guilabel:`Signer identification with itsme®️`: adds an identification step in Odoo's *Sign* app
  that asks signatories to provide their identity through the itsme®️ platform.
- :guilabel:`Snailmail`: sends customer invoices and follow-up reports by post, worldwide.
- :guilabel:`eInvoice Service`: submits invoices to Invoice Registration Portal (IRP).

Use a service
-------------

IAP services are automatically integrated with Odoo and do not require users to configure any
settings. To use a service, simply interact with it wherever it appears in the database.

.. example::
   In this example, the SMS service is used from a contact's record.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/sms-icon.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Hover the mouse to the right of a contact's phone number to reveal the SMS phone icon.

   1. Navigate to the *Contacts* application and click on a contact.

>    2. Hover the mouse over the phone number field and a :guilabel:`SMS 📱 (phone)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   2. Hover the mouse over the phone number field and a :guilabel:`📱 (phone) SMS `
```

the phone icon appears first when I hover. I'd check this and make sure all of these call outs are how they appear in the UI.

>       icon appears.

Reviewer 2: Might be overkill, but you may want to mention this only appears if there is a phone number populating the field. if it's blank this doesn't appear.

>    3. Click the :guilabel:`📱 SMS ` icon and a :guilabel:`Send SMS Text Message` pop-up appears.

Reviewer 2: I would be consistent in how these are written- I believe we want to use the (phone) to describe the phone icon but you can check with one of the final reviewers to be 100% sure, then make sure they are all consistent.

   denominations of:

   - **10** credits
   - **100** credits
   - **500** credits
   - **1,000** credits

   The number of credits consumed depends on the length of the SMS and the country of destination.
   For more information, refer to the :doc:`SMS Pricing and FAQ
   </applications/marketing/sms_marketing/pricing/pricing_and_faq>` documentation.

.. _iap/buying_credits:

Buy credits
-----------

If there are not enough credits to perform a task, the database automatically prompts the purchase
of more credits. Users can check the current balance of credits for each service, and manually
purchase more credits through the service's :guilabel:`Account Information` page.

Manually buy credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/view-services.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Settings app showing the Odoo IAP heading and View My Services button.

#. Go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> search IAP --> View My Services --> Click on the
   account`.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/account-info.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Account Information page for an IAP service showing the Buy Credit button.

> #. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Buy Credit` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. The available IAP accounts appear in a list view. Click on the desired IAP account to view the :guilabel:`Account Information` page.
#. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Buy Credit` button. A :guilabel: `Buy Credits for (IAP Account)` page loads in a new tab.
```

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/buy-pack.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The SMS service page on IAP.Odoo.com with four packs of credits available for purchase.

#. Click :guilabel:`Buy` on the desired pack of credits, then follow the prompts to enter payment
   details and confirm the order.
#. Once the transaction is complete, the credits are available for use in the database.

.. _in_app_purchase/low-credits:

Low-credit notification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It is possible to be notified when credits are low in order to avoid running out of credits while
performing an In-App Purchases (IAP).

#. Go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> search IAP --> View My Services --> Click on the
   account`.

> #. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Warn Me` box. This causes two

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Warn Me` box, and two fields appear.
```

>    fields to appear.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

#. In the :guilabel:`Threshold` field, enter an amount. Odoo will send a notification email when the
   balance falls below this amount.

> #. In the :guilabel:`Email` field, type the email address that should receive the notification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. In the :guilabel:`Warning Email` field, type the email address that should receive the notification.
```

.. tip::
   Users who have the Enterprise version of Odoo Online get free credits to test IAP features.

.. image:: in_app_purchase/iap.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Visit IAP.Odoo.com to review what services are available.

.. _in_app_purchase/portal:

IAP services
============

The `Odoo IAP website <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_ lists all IAP services
currently available, which include the following:

- :guilabel:`AI generated call summary and transcript service`: call recording transcript service
  for the Asterisk Plus application.
- :guilabel:`Amazon Odoo Connector`: establishes seamless integration between an Amazon Seller
  Central Account and Odoo, allowing users to effectively manage their products and orders.
- :guilabel:`Documents Digitization`: digitizes scanned or PDF vendor bills, expenses and resumes
  with OCR and Artificial Intelligence.
- :guilabel:`Lead Generation`: generates leads based on a set of criteria and enriches the company
  data of opportunities. Converts web visitors into quality leads and opportunities.
- :guilabel:`PLE Reports`: PLE report generator in .txt and .xls file formats.

> - :guilabel:`Partner Autocomplete`: automatically enriches contact base with corporate data.

Author: When you're typing in the name of a new contact, Odoo makes a suggestion in the dropdown, and if you click on that suggestion then Partner Autocomplete will populate the contact with corporate data. I'll rewrite the definition for clarity, but here's the documentation on it: https://www.odoo.com/documentation/16.0/applications/sales/crm/optimize/partner_autocomplete.html

> - :guilabel:`Pleo`: pulls expenses from Pleo.

Author: I'm going to go through a just remove services that we don't have sufficient insight into. That goes for this one and the PLE report one. I'll add it to a list though for potential future documentation.

- :guilabel:`eInvoice Service`: submits invoices to Invoice Registration Portal (IRP).

Use a service
-------------

IAP services are automatically integrated with Odoo, and do not require users to configure any
settings. To use a service, simply interact with it wherever it appears in the database.

.. example::
   In this example, the SMS service is used from a contact's record.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/sms-icon.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Hover the mouse to the right of a contact's phone number to reveal the SMS phone icon.

   1. Go to :menuselection:`Contacts app --> Click on a contact.`
   2. Hover the mouse just to right of the phone number field until a :guilabel:`SMS 📱 (phone)`
      icon appears.
   3. Click the :guilabel:`SMS 📱 (phone)` icon.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/send-sms.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Send SMS Text Message service can be accessed from a contact's record.

   4. In the :guilabel:`Send SMS Text Message` pop-up that appears, type a message and click
      :guilabel:`Send SMS`. Odoo will send the message via SMS and log what was sent in the chatter.

> 

Author: We COULD explain all of that here, but it is already explained at length in the SMS Essentials user doc, which I do link to in the See Also box. I think this example should remain as brief as possible, as it is only meant to illustrate how IAP services are integrated with Odoo and interacted with seemlessly, NOT to teach exactly how to send an sms message. User Doc for reference: https://www.odoo.com/documentation/16.0/applications/marketing/sms_marketing/essentials/sms_essentials.html

<https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_, and pricing is specific to each service.

.. example::
   The `SMS service <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/in-app-services/1>`_ has four packs available for
   purchase, in denominations of:

   - **10** credits
   - **100** credits
   - **500** credits
   - **1,000** credits

   The number of credits consumed depends on the length of the SMS and the country of destination.
   For more information on SMS pricing, click :doc:`here
   </applications/marketing/sms_marketing/pricing/pricing_and_faq>`.

.. _iap/buying_credits:

Buy credits
-----------

When a service is used and there are not enough credit to perform the task, the database prompts the
purchase of more credits, but users can check the current balance of credits for each service and
even manually purchase more credits through the service's :guilabel:`Account Information` page.

**To manually buy credits:**

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/view-services.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Settings app showing the Odoo IAP heading and View My Services button.

#. Go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> search IAP --> View My Services --> Click on the

>    account`.

Author: This is a 17.0 vs 16.0 difference, I'm going to hold off on making this change until I determine if we can swap this commit to 17 or if we need to stick with 16.

>    account`.

Reviewer 2: I can't seem to make a suggestion since this was already a comment, but I noticed in 17.0, it does not open in a new tab- it remains in the current tab, FYI.

>    account`.

Reviewer 2: I would also mention it displays the information in a list view- in 16 I remember it being in boxes, but now all the runbots "do not have any iap's" installed so I can't check.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/account-info.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Account Information page for an IAP service showing the Buy Credit button.

> #. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Buy Credit` button.

Reviewer 2: Now in 17.0 you have to click on the service first, so I would add that direction. Again, I can't seem to add the suggestion in-line, sorry!

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/buy-pack.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The SMS service page on IAP.Odoo.com with four packs of credits available for purchase.

#. Click :guilabel:`Buy` on the desired pack of credits, and follow the prompts to enter payment
   details and confirm the order.
#. Once the transaction is complete, the credits are made available for use in the database.

.. _in_app_purchase/low-credits:

Low-credit notification
-----------------------

**To be notified when credits are low:**

#. Go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> search IAP --> View My Services --> Click on the
   account`.
#. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Warn Me` box. This causes two
   more fields to appear.

> #. In the :guilabel:`Threshold` field, type an amount. Odoo will send a notification email when the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. In the :guilabel:`Threshold` field, enter an amount. Odoo will send a notification email when the
```

   balance falls below this amount.
#. In the :guilabel:`Email` field, type the email address that should receive the notification.

> #. Click the :guilabel:`Save Manually (cloud)` icon on the top-left of the page.

Author: I don't see this save button, but I've been told we can mostly remove instructions to save, so I am just going to cut the step entirely.

credits. Each service has its own pricing and pack options listed on the `Odoo IAP website
<https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_, and Odoo users need to :ref:`buy more credits
<iap/buying_credits>` when they run out, in order to keep using the service.

.. tip::
   Users with an Enterprise version of Odoo Online get free credits to test IAP features.

.. image:: in_app_purchase/iap.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Visit IAP.Odoo.com to review what services are available.

.. _in_app_purchase/portal:

IAP services
============

The `Odoo IAP website <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_ lists all IAP services
currently available, which include:

- :guilabel:`Documents Digitization`: digitizes scanned or PDF vendor bills, expenses, and resumes
  with OCR and AI.
- :guilabel:`Lead Generation`: generates leads based on a set of criteria and converts web visitors
  into quality leads and opportunities.
- :guilabel:`Partner Autocomplete`: automatically populates contact records with corporate data.
- :guilabel:`SMS`: sends SMS text messages to contacts directly from the database.

> - :guilabel:`Snailmail`: sends customer invoices and follow-up reports by post, worldwide.

Author: We determined that we will only list the main services offered by Odoo, but we will link to the full catalog in this same section.

purchase of more credits when there are not enough credits to continue using the service. Email
alerts can also be set up for when :ref:`credits are low <in_app_purchase/low-credits>`.

Credits are purchased in "packs" from the `Odoo IAP website
<https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_, and pricing is specific to each service.

.. example::
   The `SMS service <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/in-app-services/1>`_ has four packs available, in
   denominations of:

   - **10** credits
   - **100** credits
   - **500** credits
   - **1,000** credits

   The number of credits consumed depends on the length of the SMS and the country of destination.
   For more information, refer to the :doc:`SMS Pricing and FAQ
   </applications/marketing/sms_marketing/pricing/pricing_and_faq>` documentation.

.. _iap/buying_credits:

Buy credits
-----------

If there are not enough credits to perform a task, the database automatically prompts the purchase
of more credits. Users can check the current balance of credits for each service, and manually
purchase more credits through the service's :guilabel:`Account Information` page.

> Manually buy credits
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Manually buy credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To manually buy credits in Odoo, follow these steps:

```
a brief intro sentence like this could be beneficial as a lead-in to the following steps

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/view-services.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Settings app showing the Odoo IAP heading and View My Services button.

#. Go to the *Settings* application.
#. Type `IAP` in the search bar at the top.

> #. Click :guilabel:`View My Services`.
> 
>    .. image:: in_app_purchase/account-info.png
>       :align: center
>       :alt: The Account Information page for an IAP service showing the Buy Credit button.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Click :guilabel:`View My Services`.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/view-services.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Settings app showing the Odoo IAP heading and View My Services button.

   Doing so reveals an :guilabel:`IAP Account` page, listing the various IAP services in the
   database. From here, select the desired IAP service to buy additional credits for.
   
   Clicking an IAP service from the :guilabel:`IAP Account` page reveals the :guilabel:`Account
   Information` page for that service, where additional credits can be purchased.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/account-info.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Account Information page for an IAP service showing the Buy Credit button.
```
some added detail to the steps, along with where I think the above image should be placed within these instructions.

> #. The available IAP accounts appear in a list view. Click on the desired IAP account to view the
>    :guilabel:`Account Information` page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```
this step is covered in the above suggested edit

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Doing so reveals an :guilabel:`IAP Account` page, listing the various IAP services in the database.
From here, click an IAP service to open its :guilabel:`Account Information` page, where additional
credits can be purchased.
```
have the steps match the aforementioned process, for uniformity

> #. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Buy Credit` button. A
>    :guilabel: `Buy Credits for (IAP Account)` page loads in a new tab.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Buy Credit` button, and a
   :guilabel:`Buy Credits for (IAP Account)` page loads in a new tab.
```

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/buy-pack.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The SMS service page on IAP.Odoo.com with four packs of credits available for purchase.

> #. Click :guilabel:`Buy` on the desired pack of credits, then follow the prompts to enter payment
>    details and confirm the order.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. From here, click :guilabel:`Buy` on the desired pack of credits, then follow the prompts to enter
   payment details, and confirm the order.
```

#. Once the transaction is complete, the credits are available for use in the database.

.. _in_app_purchase/low-credits:

Low-credit notification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> It is possible to be notified when credits are low in order to avoid running out of credits while
> performing an In-App Purchases (IAP).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is possible to be notified when credits are low, in order to avoid running out of credits, while
using an IAP service. To do that, follow this process:
```

#. Go to the *Settings* application.
#. Type `IAP` in the search bar at the top.

> #. Click on :guilabel:`View My Services`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Click :guilabel:`View My Services`.
```

> #. The available IAP accounts appear in a list view. Click on the desired IAP account to view the
>    :guilabel:`Account Information` page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. The available IAP accounts appear in a list view on the :guilabel:`IAP Account` page. From here,
   click on the desired IAP account to view that service's :guilabel:`Account Information` page.
```

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/low-credits.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Odoo will send an email alert when credits for this service fall below the threshold.

> #. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Warn Me` box, and two fields
>    appear.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, tick the :guilabel:`Warn Me` box. Doing so reveals
   two fields on the form: :guilabel:`Threshold` and :guilabel:`Warning Email`.
```

> #. In the :guilabel:`Threshold` field, enter an amount. Odoo sends a notification email when the
>    balance falls below this amount.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. In the :guilabel:`Threshold` field, enter an amount of credits Odoo should use as threshold
   before sending a warning to the user about their credit balance. Odoo sends a notification email
   when the balance falls below this designated amount.
```

=====================
In-app purchase (IAP)
=====================

In-app purchases (IAP) are optional services that enhance Odoo databases. Each service provides its
own specific features and functionality.

> 

Reviewer 3: You should move the iap.png image up to here -- between the intro and the example admonition

Reviewer 3: and remove it from its current position (obviously haha)

.. example::
   The :guilabel:`SMS` service sends text messages to contacts directly from the database, and the
   :guilabel:`Documents Digitization` service digitizes scanned or PDF vendor bills, expenses, and
   resumes with optical character recognition (OCR) and artificial intelligence (AI).

IAP services do **not** need to be configured or set up before use. Odoo users can simply click on
the service in the app, to activate it. However, each service requires its own prepaid credits, and
when they run out, users **must** :ref:`buy more <iap/buying_credits>` in order to keep using it.

.. note::
   Users with an Enterprise version of Odoo Online get free credits to test IAP features.

.. image:: in_app_purchase/iap.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: The IAP catalog with various services available on IAP.Odoo.com.

Reviewer 3: move this image up -- as requested by the first comment on this PR

.. _in_app_purchase/portal:

IAP services
============

> IAP services are provided by Odoo as well as third-parties, and have a wide range of use cases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
IAP services are provided by Odoo, as well as third-parties, and have a wide range of use cases.
```

> The following are IAP services provided by Odoo:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following IAP services are provided by Odoo:
```

- :guilabel:`Documents Digitization`: digitizes scanned or PDF vendor bills, expenses, and resumes
  with OCR and AI.
- :guilabel:`Lead Generation`: generates leads based on a set of criteria and converts web visitors
  into quality leads and opportunities.
- :guilabel:`Partner Autocomplete`: automatically populates contact records with corporate data.
- :guilabel:`SMS`: sends SMS text messages to contacts directly from the database.

> - :guilabel:`Snailmail`: sends customer invoices and follow-up reports by post, worldwide.

Reviewer 3: I know/understand why the entire list isn't going to be laid out, but I think it might be best to list these in the same order they appear on the Catalog website that's being linked. So, I'd recommend re-ordering these.

settings. To use a service, simply interact with it wherever it appears in the database.

.. example::
   The following flow focuses on the *SMS* IAP service being used from a contact's record. This can
   be done by clicking the :guilabel:`📱 (phone) SMS` icon within the database.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/sms-icon.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The SMS icon on a typical contact information form located within an Odoo database.

   One way to utilize the *SMS* IAP service with Odoo is showcased in the following steps:

   1. Navigate to the *Contacts* application, and click on a contact with a mobile phone number
      in either the :guilabel:`Phone` or :guilabel:`Mobile` field of the contact form.
   2. Hover the mouse over the :guilabel:`Phone` or :guilabel:`Mobile` field, and a :guilabel:`📱
      (phone) SMS` icon appears to the right.
   3. Click the :guilabel:`📱 (phone) SMS` icon, and a :guilabel:`Send SMS Text Message` pop-up
      window appears.
   4. Type a message in the :guilabel:`Message` field of the :guilabel:`Send SMS Text Message`
      pop-up window. Then, click the :guilabel:`Send SMS` button, and Odoo sends the message, via

>       SMS, to contact, and logs what was sent in the *chatter* of the contact's form.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      SMS, to the contact, and logs what was sent in the *chatter* of the contact's form.
```

   Upon sending the SMS message, the prepaid credits for the *SMS* IAP service are automatically
   deducted from the existing credits. If there are not enough credits to send the message, Odoo

>    prompts the user to purchase of more.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   prompts the user to purchase more.
```

   - :doc:`Enrich your contacts base with Partner Autocomplete
     </applications/sales/crm/optimize/partner_autocomplete>`
   - :doc:`SMS essentials </applications/marketing/sms_marketing/essentials/sms_essentials>`

.. _in_app_purchase/credits:

IAP credits
===========

Every time an IAP service is used, the prepaid credits for that service are spent. Odoo prompts the
purchase of more credits when there are not enough credits to continue using the service. Email
alerts can also be set up for when :ref:`credits are low <in_app_purchase/low-credits>`.

Credits are purchased in *Packs* from the `Odoo IAP Catalog
<https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_, and pricing is specific to each service.

.. example::
   The `SMS service <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/in-app-services/1>`_ has four packs available, in
   denominations of:

   - :guilabel:`Starter Pack`: 10 credits
   - :guilabel:`Standard Pack`: 100 credits
   - :guilabel:`Advanced Pack`: 500 credits
   - :guilabel:`Expert Pack`: 1,000 credits

   The number of credits consumed depends on the length of the SMS and the country of destination.

   For more information, refer to the :doc:`SMS Pricing and FAQ

>    </applications/marketing/sms_marketing/pricing/pricing_and_faq>` documentation.

Reviewer 3: I believe the packs.png image should be used here, as it provides a perfect visual representation of what's being discussed here

.. _iap/buying_credits:

Buy credits
-----------

If there are not enough credits to perform a task, the database automatically prompts the purchase
of more credits. Users can check the current balance of credits for each service, and manually
purchase more credits by navigating to the :menuselection:`Settings app --> Search IAP --> View My
Services`.

Doing so reveals an :guilabel:`IAP Account` page, listing the various IAP services in the database.
From here, click an IAP service to open its :guilabel:`Account Information` page, where additional
credits can be purchased.

Manually buy credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To manually buy credits in Odoo, follow these steps:

#. Go to the *Settings* application.

> #. Type `IAP` in the search bar at the top.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Type `IAP` in the search bar.
```

#. Click :guilabel:`View My Services`.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/view-services.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Settings app showing the Odoo IAP heading and View My Services button.

#. The available IAP accounts appear in a list view. Click on the desired IAP account to view the
   :guilabel:`Account Information` page.
#. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Buy Credit` button. A
   :guilabel:`Buy Credits for (IAP Account)` page loads in a new tab.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/account-info.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Account Information page for an IAP service showing the Buy Credit button.

#. From here, click :guilabel:`Buy` on the desired pack of credits, then follow the prompts to enter
   payment details, and confirm the order.
#. Once the transaction is complete, the credits are available for use in the database.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/buy-pack.png
      :align: center

>       :alt: The SMS service page on IAP.Odoo.com with four packs of credits available for purchase.

Reviewer 3: This image should be moved up to follow the step laid out in line 145

.. _in_app_purchase/low-credits:

Low-credit notification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> It is possible to be notified when credits are low, in order to avoid running out of credits while
> using an IAP service. To do that, follow this process:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is possible to be notified when credits are low, in order to avoid running out of credits, while
using an IAP service. To do that, follow this process:
```

#. Go to the *Settings* application.
#. Type `IAP` in the search bar at the top.
#. Click :guilabel:`View My Services`.
#. The available IAP accounts appear in a list view on the :guilabel:`IAP Account` page. From here,
   click on the desired IAP account to view that service's :guilabel:`Account Information` page.

>    .. image:: in_app_purchase/low-credits.png
>       :align: center
>       :alt: Odoo will send an email alert when credits for this service fall below the threshold.
> 
> #. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, tick the :guilabel:`Warn Me` box. Doing so reveals
>    two fields on the form: :guilabel:`Threshold` and :guilabel:`Warning Email`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

#. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, tick the :guilabel:`Warn Me` box. 

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/low-credits.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Odoo will send an email alert when credits for this service fall below the threshold.

#. Doing so reveals two fields on the form: :guilabel:`Threshold` and :guilabel:`Warning Email`.

[ADD ANOTHER SCREENSHOT OF WHAT THESE FIELDS LOOK LIKE WHEN THAT BOX IS TICKED]
```

#. In the :guilabel:`Threshold` field, enter an amount of credits Odoo should use as the minimum
   threshold for this service.
#. In the :guilabel:`Warning Email` field, enter the email address that should receive the
   notification.

> Odoo sends a low-credit alert to the :guilabel:`Warning Email` when the balance of credits falls
> the amount listed as the :guilabel:`Threshold`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Odoo sends a low-credit alert to the :guilabel:`Warning Email` when the balance of credits falls
below the amount listed as the :guilabel:`Threshold`.
```

=====================
In-app purchase (IAP)
=====================

> 

Reviewer 4: Add abbreviations throughout the doc
```suggestion

.. |IAP| replace:: :abbr:`IAP (In-app purchases)`

```

In-app purchases (IAP) are optional services that enhance Odoo databases. Each service provides its
own specific features and functionality. A full list of services provided by Odoo and (third
parties) is available on the `Odoo IAP Catalog <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_.

.. image:: in_app_purchase/iap.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The IAP catalog with various services available on IAP.Odoo.com.

.. example::
   The :guilabel:`SMS` service sends text messages to contacts directly from the database, and the
   :guilabel:`Documents Digitization` service digitizes scanned or PDF vendor bills, expenses, and
   resumes with optical character recognition (OCR) and artificial intelligence (AI).

> IAP services do **not** need to be configured or set up before use. Odoo users can simply click on

Reviewer 4: The abbr shorthand can be used like this:
```suggestion
|IAP| services do **not** need to be configured or set up before use. Odoo users can simply click on
```

> the service in the app, to activate it. However, each service requires its own prepaid credits, and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the service in the app to activate it. However, each service requires its own prepaid credits, and
```

when they run out, users **must** :ref:`buy more <iap/buying_credits>` in order to keep using it.

.. note::
   Users with an Enterprise version of Odoo Online get free credits to test IAP features.

.. _in_app_purchase/portal:

IAP services
============

> IAP services are provided by Odoo, as well as third-parties, and have a wide range of use cases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
IAP services are provided by Odoo, as well as third-parties, and have a wide range of uses.
```

The following IAP services are provided by Odoo:

- :guilabel:`Documents Digitization`: digitizes scanned or PDF vendor bills, expenses, and resumes
  with OCR and AI.
- :guilabel:`Partner Autocomplete`: automatically populates contact records with corporate data.
- :guilabel:`SMS`: sends SMS text messages to contacts directly from the database.

> - :guilabel:`Lead Generation`: generates leads based on a set of criteria and converts web visitors
>   into quality leads and opportunities.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Lead Generation`: generates leads based on a set of criteria, and converts web visitors
  into quality leads and opportunities.
```

- :guilabel:`Snailmail`: sends customer invoices and follow-up reports by post, worldwide.

For more information on every service currently available, visit the `Odoo IAP Catalog
<https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_.

> Use IAP service
> ---------------

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use IAP services
----------------
```

IAP services are automatically integrated with Odoo, and do **not** require users to configure any
settings. To use a service, simply interact with it wherever it appears in the database.

.. example::

>    The following flow focuses on the *SMS* IAP service being used from a contact's record. This can
>    be done by clicking the :guilabel:`📱 (phone) SMS` icon within the database.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The following flow focuses on the *SMS* IAP service being used from a contact's record.
   
   This can be done by clicking the :guilabel:`📱 (phone) SMS` icon within the database.
```

   This can be done by clicking the :guilabel:`📱 (phone) SMS` icon within the database.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/sms-icon.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The SMS icon on a typical contact information form located within an Odoo database.

   One way to utilize the *SMS* IAP service with Odoo is showcased in the following steps:

>    1. Navigate to the *Contacts* application, and click on a contact with a mobile phone number

Reviewer 4: Use menuselection when directing the user
```suggestion
   #. Navigate to the :menuselection:`Contacts application`, and click on a contact with a mobile
      phone number entered in either the :guilabel:`Phone` or :guilabel:`Mobile` field of the
      contact form.
```

>    1. Navigate to the *Contacts* application, and click on a contact with a mobile phone number
>       in either the :guilabel:`Phone` or :guilabel:`Mobile` field of the contact form.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   1. Navigate to the *Contacts* application, and click on a contact with a mobile phone number
      entered in either the :guilabel:`Phone` or :guilabel:`Mobile` field of the contact form.
```

   2. Hover the mouse over the :guilabel:`Phone` or :guilabel:`Mobile` field, and a :guilabel:`📱
      (phone) SMS` icon appears to the right.
   3. Click the :guilabel:`📱 (phone) SMS` icon, and a :guilabel:`Send SMS Text Message` pop-up
      window appears.
   4. Type a message in the :guilabel:`Message` field of the :guilabel:`Send SMS Text Message`

>       pop-up window. Then, click the :guilabel:`Send SMS` button, and Odoo sends the message, via
>       SMS, to the contact, and logs what was sent in the *chatter* of the contact's form.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      pop-up window. Then, click the :guilabel:`Send SMS` button. Odoo then sends the message, via
      SMS, to the contact, and logs what was sent in the *chatter* of the contact's form.
```

>    1. Navigate to the *Contacts* application, and click on a contact with a mobile phone number
>       entered in either the :guilabel:`Phone` or :guilabel:`Mobile` field of the contact form.
>    2. Hover the mouse over the :guilabel:`Phone` or :guilabel:`Mobile` field, and a :guilabel:`📱
>       (phone) SMS` icon appears to the right.
>    3. Click the :guilabel:`📱 (phone) SMS` icon, and a :guilabel:`Send SMS Text Message` pop-up
>       window appears.
>    4. Type a message in the :guilabel:`Message` field of the :guilabel:`Send SMS Text Message`
>       pop-up window. Then, click the :guilabel:`Send SMS` button. Odoo then sends the message, via
>       SMS, to the contact, and logs what was sent in the *chatter* of the contact's form.

Reviewer 4: You can use the dynamic `#.` instead of static `1.` so that the number of bullets is automatically incremented, and is [proffered](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/contributing/documentation/rst_cheat_sheet.html#numbered-list) 
```suggestion
   #. Navigate to the *Contacts* application, and click on a contact with a mobile phone number
      entered in either the :guilabel:`Phone` or :guilabel:`Mobile` field of the contact form.
   #. Hover the mouse over the :guilabel:`Phone` or :guilabel:`Mobile` field, and a :guilabel:`📱
      (phone) SMS` icon appears to the right.
   #. Click the :guilabel:`📱 (phone) SMS` icon, and a :guilabel:`Send SMS Text Message` pop-up
      window appears.
   #. Type a message in the :guilabel:`Message` field of the :guilabel:`Send SMS Text Message`
      pop-up window. Then, click the :guilabel:`Send SMS` button. Odoo then sends the message, via
      SMS, to the contact, and logs what was sent in the *chatter* of the contact's form.
```

   Upon sending the SMS message, the prepaid credits for the *SMS* IAP service are automatically
   deducted from the existing credits. If there are not enough credits to send the message, Odoo
   prompts the user to purchase more.

.. seealso::
   For more information on how to use various IAP services, and for more in-depth instructions
   related to SMS functionality in Odoo, review the documentation below:

   - :doc:`Lead mining </applications/sales/crm/acquire_leads/lead_mining>`
   - :doc:`Enrich your contacts base with Partner Autocomplete
     </applications/sales/crm/optimize/partner_autocomplete>`
   - :doc:`SMS essentials </applications/marketing/sms_marketing/essentials/sms_essentials>`

.. _in_app_purchase/credits:

IAP credits
===========

Every time an IAP service is used, the prepaid credits for that service are spent. Odoo prompts the

> purchase of more credits when there are not enough credits to continue using the service. Email
> alerts can also be set up for when :ref:`credits are low <in_app_purchase/low-credits>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
purchase of more credits when there are not enough credits left to continue using a service. Email
alerts can also be set up for when :ref:`credits are low <in_app_purchase/low-credits>`.
```

Credits are purchased in *Packs* from the `Odoo IAP Catalog
<https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_, and pricing is specific to each service.

.. example::
   The `SMS service <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/in-app-services/1>`_ has four packs available, in
   denominations of:

   - :guilabel:`Starter Pack`: 10 credits
   - :guilabel:`Standard Pack`: 100 credits
   - :guilabel:`Advanced Pack`: 500 credits
   - :guilabel:`Expert Pack`: 1,000 credits

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/packs.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Four different packs of credits for the SMS IAP service.

   The number of credits consumed depends on the length of the SMS and the country of destination.

   For more information, refer to the :doc:`SMS Pricing and FAQ
   </applications/marketing/sms_marketing/pricing/pricing_and_faq>` documentation.

.. _iap/buying_credits:

Buy credits
-----------

If there are not enough credits to perform a task, the database automatically prompts the purchase
of more credits.

> Users can check the current balance of credits for each service, and manually purchase more credits
> by navigating to the :menuselection:`Settings app --> Search IAP --> View My Services`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Users can check the current balance of credits for each service, and manually purchase more credits,
by navigating to the :menuselection:`Settings app --> Search IAP --> View My Services`.
```

by navigating to the :menuselection:`Settings app --> Search IAP --> View My Services`.

Doing so reveals an :guilabel:`IAP Account` page, listing the various IAP services in the database.
From here, click an IAP service to open its :guilabel:`Account Information` page, where additional
credits can be purchased.

Manually buy credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To manually buy credits in Odoo, follow these steps:

> 1. Go to the *Settings* application.

Reviewer 4: Use menuselection when directing the user
```suggestion
#. Go to the :menuselection:`Settings application`.
```

> 1. Go to the *Settings* application.
> 2. Type `IAP` in the search bar.
> 3. Click :guilabel:`View My Services`.

Reviewer 4: These too
```suggestion
#. Go to the *Settings* application.
#. Type `IAP` in the search bar.
#. Click :guilabel:`View My Services`.
```

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/view-services.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Settings app showing the Odoo IAP heading and View My Services button.

4. Doing so reveals an :guilabel:`IAP Account` page, listing the various IAP services in the
   database. From here, click an IAP service to open its :guilabel:`Account Information` page,
   where additional credits can be purchased.

> 5. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Buy Credit` button. A
>    :guilabel:`Buy Credits for (IAP Account)` page loads in a new tab.
> 
>    .. image:: in_app_purchase/account-info.png
>       :align: center
>       :alt: The Account Information page for an IAP service showing the Buy Credit button.
> 
> 6. From here, click :guilabel:`Buy` on the desired pack of credits, then follow the prompts to enter
>    payment details, and confirm the order.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Buy Credit` button. A
   :guilabel:`Buy Credits for (IAP Account)` page loads in a new tab.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/account-info.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Account Information page for an IAP service showing the Buy Credit button.

6. Doing so loads a :guilabel:`Buy Credits for (IAP Account)` page in a new tab. From here, click
   :guilabel:`Buy` on the desired pack of credits. Then, follow the prompts to enter payment
   details, and confirm the order.
```

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/buy-pack.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The SMS service page on IAP.Odoo.com with four packs of credits available for purchase.

7. Once the transaction is complete, the credits are available for use in the database.

.. _in_app_purchase/low-credits:

Low-credit notification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It is possible to be notified when credits are low, in order to avoid running out of credits, while
using an IAP service. To do that, follow this process:

1. Go to the *Settings* application.

> 2. Type `IAP` in the search bar at the top.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Type `IAP` in the search bar.
```

> 1. Go to the *Settings* application.
> 2. Type `IAP` in the search bar.
> 3. Click :guilabel:`View My Services`.
> 4. The available IAP accounts appear in a list view on the :guilabel:`IAP Account` page. From here,
>    click on the desired IAP account to view that service's :guilabel:`Account Information` page.
> 5. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, tick the :guilabel:`Warn Me` box. Doing so reveals
>    two fields on the form: :guilabel:`Threshold` and :guilabel:`Warning Email`.
> 
>    .. image:: in_app_purchase/low-credits.png
>       :align: center
>       :alt: Odoo will send an email alert when credits for this service fall below the threshold.
> 
> 6. In the :guilabel:`Threshold` field, enter an amount of credits Odoo should use as the minimum
>    threshold for this service.
> 7. In the :guilabel:`Warning Email` field, enter the email address that should receive the
>    notification.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
#. Go to the *Settings* application.
#. Type `IAP` in the search bar.
#. Click :guilabel:`View My Services`.
#. The available IAP accounts appear in a list view on the :guilabel:`IAP Account` page. From here,
   click on the desired IAP account to view that service's :guilabel:`Account Information` page.
#. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, tick the :guilabel:`Warn Me` box. Doing so reveals
   two fields on the form: :guilabel:`Threshold` and :guilabel:`Warning Email`.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/low-credits.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Odoo will send an email alert when credits for this service fall below the threshold.

#. In the :guilabel:`Threshold` field, enter an amount of credits Odoo should use as the minimum
   threshold for this service.
#. In the :guilabel:`Warning Email` field, enter the email address that should receive the
   notification.
```

=====================
In-app purchase (IAP)
=====================

In-app purchases (IAP) are optional services that enhance Odoo databases. Each service provides its

> own specific features and functionality. A full list of services provided by Odoo and third parties
> is available on the `Odoo IAP Catalog <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
own specific features and functionality. A full list of services provided by Odoo and (third
parties) is available on the `Odoo IAP Catalog <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_.
```

.. _iap/buying_credits:

Buy credits
-----------

If there are not enough credits to perform a task, the database automatically prompts the purchase
of more credits.

Users can check the current balance of credits for each service, and manually purchase more credits,
by navigating to the :menuselection:`Settings app --> Search IAP --> View My Services`.

Doing so reveals an :guilabel:`IAP Account` page, listing the various IAP services in the database.
From here, click an IAP service to open its :guilabel:`Account Information` page, where additional
credits can be purchased.

Manually buy credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To manually buy credits in Odoo, follow these steps:

1. Go to the *Settings* application.
2. Type `IAP` in the search bar.
3. Click :guilabel:`View My Services`.

   .. image:: in_app_purchase/view-services.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Settings app showing the Odoo IAP heading and View My Services button.

4. Doing so reveals an :guilabel:`IAP Account` page, listing the various IAP services in the
   database. From here, click an IAP service to open its :guilabel:`Account Information` page,
   where additional credits can be purchased.

> 5. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Buy Credit` button. A
>    :guilabel:`Buy Credits for (IAP Account)` page loads in a new tab.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Buy Credit` button.
```
can remove the 2nd sentence here, as it leads off Step #6

=====================
In-app purchase (IAP)
=====================

.. |IAP| replace:: :abbr:`IAP (In-app purchases)`

In-app purchases (IAP) are optional services that enhance Odoo databases. Each service provides its

> own specific features and functionality. A full list of services provided by Odoo and (third
> parties) is available on the `Odoo IAP Catalog <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_.

Reviewer 5: what is `(third parties)` ?
do we need it?
```suggestion
own specific features and functionality. A full list of services provided by Odoo is available on
the `Odoo IAP Catalog <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_.
```

   Upon sending the SMS message, the prepaid credits for the *SMS* |IAP| service are automatically
   deducted from the existing credits. If there are not enough credits to send the message, Odoo
   prompts the user to purchase more.

.. seealso::
   For more information on how to use various |IAP| services, and for more in-depth instructions
   related to SMS functionality in Odoo, review the documentation below:

   - :doc:`Lead mining </applications/sales/crm/acquire_leads/lead_mining>`
   - :doc:`Enrich your contacts base with Partner Autocomplete
     </applications/sales/crm/optimize/partner_autocomplete>`
   - :doc:`SMS essentials </applications/marketing/sms_marketing/essentials/sms_essentials>`

.. _in_app_purchase/credits:

IAP credits
===========

Every time an |IAP| service is used, the prepaid credits for that service are spent. Odoo prompts
the purchase of more credits when there are not enough credits left to continue using a service.
Email alerts can also be set up for when :ref:`credits are low <in_app_purchase/low-credits>`.

Credits are purchased in *Packs* from the `Odoo IAP Catalog

> <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/all-in-app-services>`_, and pricing is specific to each service.

Reviewer 5: Optional: might be useful to include TIKU's pricing table he unearthed recently for MMC team.

.. example::
   The `SMS service <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/in-app-services/1>`_ has four packs available for
   purchase, in denominations of:

   - **10** credits
   - **100** credits
   - **500** credits
   - **1,000** credits

   The number of credits consumed depends on the length of the SMS and the country of destination.
   For more information on SMS pricing, click :doc:`here
   </applications/marketing/sms_marketing/pricing/pricing_and_faq>`.

.. _iap/buying_credits:

Buy credits
-----------

To manually buy credits:

#. Open the :guilabel:`Settings app`.
#. In the search bar, type :guilabel:`IAP`.
#. Click :guilabel:`View My Services`.
#. On the :guilabel:`IAP Account Settings` page, click on the service that needs more credits.
#. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Buy Credit` button.

   - The balance of credits is displayed below the :guilabel:`Buy Credit` button.
#. Click :guilabel:`Buy` on the desired pack of credits, and follow the prompts to enter payment
   details.
#. Once the transaction is complete, the credits will be available for use.

.. image:: in_app_purchase/account-info.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: The Account Information page for an IAP service showing the Buy Credit button.

Reviewer 6: This would be nice to see an example IAP service with highlighted parts of the image. (IE red box around Buy credit)

.. tip::
   Users who have the Enterprise version of Odoo Online get free credits to test IAP features.

> 

Reviewer 6: Move this tip to the introduction section. The free credits are mentioned a few times in this doc and the first time would be good to know this is an enterprise-only addition.

.. _in_app_purchase/low-credits:

Low-credit notification
-----------------------

To be notified when a service's credits are low:

#. Open the :guilabel:`Settings app`.
#. In the search bar, type :guilabel:`IAP`.
#. Click :guilabel:`View My Services`.
#. On the :guilabel:`IAP Account Settings` page, click on the service that needs an alert.
#. On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, click the :guilabel:`Warn Me` box. This causes two
   more fields to appear.
#. In the :guilabel:`Threshold` field, type an amount. Odoo will send a notification email when the
   balance falls below this amount.
#. In the :guilabel:`Email` field, type the email address that should receive the notification.
#. Click the :guilabel:`Save Manually (cloud)` icon on the top-left of the page.

.. image:: in_app_purchase/low-credits.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Odoo will send an email alert when credits for this service fall below the threshold.

Reviewer 6: Optional-- add a section on how to manually trigger the IAP service if not already configured (use the service anywhere in the DB) and manually add the keys in if they are purchased outside the DB. 

Rare case but can occur during testing or migration.
